Update 102-cypress.md (#1136)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/100-frontend/content/115-testing-your-apps/102-cypress.md

> # Cypress
> Cypress framework is a JavaScript-based end-to-end testing framework built on top of Mocha – a feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on and in the browser, making asynchronous testing simple and convenient. It also uses a BDD/TDD assertion library and a browser to pair with any JavaScript testing framework.
> 
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Resources</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Website' href='https://www.cypress.io/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Docs' href='https://docs.cypress.io/guides/overview/why-cypress#Other'>Official Documentation</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='purple' badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYcdT-tOvB0&list=PLhW3qG5bs-L9LTfxZ5LEBiM1WFfvX3dJo'>Flow for Beginners</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Cypress

Cypress framework is a JavaScript-based end-to-end testing framework built on top of Mocha – a feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on and in the browser, making asynchronous testing simple and convenient. It also uses a BDD/TDD assertion library and a browser to pair with any JavaScript testing framework.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Resources</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Website' href='https://www.cypress.io/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Docs' href='https://docs.cypress.io/guides/overview/why-cypress#Other'>Official Documentation</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='purple' badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7N63cMKosIE'>Cypress End-to-End Testing</BadgeLink>
```
